After three years, I'm finally back.
Ponyo, I'm back.
Ouch, high-necked feather.
Aren't you going out to start a business?
How did you mix it into this kind of pussy and come back?
Mom, it's because he was a college student
You asked me to be engaged to him
Look what he has become now
Ouch, it's really mud that can't hold up the wall
You look like a fucking dog
I don't want to be with him
It's a disgrace to our family
Okay, okay.
Not together, not together
Let the neighbors hear it, it's embarrassing
So what's up?
Let's talk about it upstairs
Go ok
After three years, I'm finally back.
Ponyo, I'm back.
Ouch, high-necked feather.
Aren't you going out to start a business?
How did you mix it into this kind of pussy and come back?
Mom, it's because he was a college student
You asked me to be engaged to him
Look what he has become now
Ouch, it's really mud that can't hold up the wall
You look like a fucking dog
I don't want to be with him
It's a disgrace to our family
Okay, okay.
Not together, not together
Let the neighbors hear it, it's embarrassing
So what's up?
Let's talk about it upstairs
Go ok